Observations:

1. Analysing English and Hindi Wikipedia Pages to see the order of sentences so that in my template sentences i can pre decide the same

 ORDER FOUND:
 1. Date of Birth - जन्म तिथि
 2. Place of Birth - जन्म स्थान
 3. Occupation - व्यवसाय
 5. field of study - कार्य क्षेत्र
 4. Notable Works - उल्लेखनीय कार्य
 6. award recieved - 
 7. academic degree
 8. doctoral advisor
 9. doctoral students
 10. student of 
 11. student
 12. work location

 2. In the awards recieved section of the Wikidata page, an important discovery was made that there was another level of informaiton present such as the reason for the award being given. For elite awards like the Nobel Prize, this was an extremely important piece of information which should be a part of any Scientists wiki page

 3. For Ethnic group remember to split the words with delimiter as space and choose only the first name. 

 4. I have pre used Gender and Date of death to identify the alive status of the person and accordingly used past and present tense.

 5. For the key wherein life partner is mentioned, the ke/ki gets switched which means if the life partner is male, ki is used when it should have been ke, and vice versa if the life partner is a female. This is an interesting point observed in Hindi, wherein the gender of a word and the corresponding post - position are opposite compared to how it always is. Such nuances are important and should be considered while making template sentences. Even the thi/the gets switched in this particular case.

 6. Data preprocessing also involved making 6-7 additional changes regarding additional information pertaining to the individual like Alive status, gender

 7. Alive status was a big problem as alive status in hindi depends on gender of the key or gender of the person involved which is not the case in English.
 For example: वह {{धर्म}} धरम {के/की} अनुयायी {alivestatus/wgop} where we can see here that it would be thi or the depending on whether the vah refers to female or male. An example where it depends on the key is उनकी संतान {{संतान}} {alivestatus/wgok} where we see that the final alive status would be thi irrespective whether gender of the person involved is male or female. Thus these intricacies were also dealt with

 8. Anuvaad Translate Model was run on all key values to ensure we could get the transliteration of values of the keys in Devanagari Script.